feat(codelabs): replace google news api with openbreweryDB api (#1344)
open-wc/open-wc: packages/codelabs/src/intermediate/lit-html.md

        }
      }

      customElements.define('brewery-app', BreweryApp);

      class BreweryDetail extends LitElement {
        static get properties() {
          return {
            name: { type: String },
            type: { type: String },
            city: { type: String },
          };
        }

        render() {
          return html`
            <h3>${this.name}</h3>
            <p>brewery type: ${this.type}</p>
            <p>city: ${this.city}</p>
          `;
        }
      }

      customElements.define('brewery-detail', BreweryDetail);
    </script>
  </body>
</html>
```

</details>

## Adding a visited/not-visited toggle

> On a brewery tour it's useful to know which brewery has already been visited. To allows the user to track whether or not they have already visited a brewery we need a button, so the user can click to mark they have visited the brewery.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
On a brewery tour it's useful to know which brewery has already been visited. To allow the user to track whether or not they have already visited a brewery we need a button, so the user can click to mark they have visited the brewery.
```

        }
      }

      customElements.define('brewery-app', BreweryApp);

      class BreweryDetail extends LitElement {
        static get properties() {
          return {
            name: { type: String },
            type: { type: String },
            city: { type: String },
            visited: { type: Boolean },
          };
        }

        render() {
          return html`
            <h3>${this.name} (${this.visited ? 'visited' : 'not-visited'})</h3>
            <p>brewery type: ${this.type}</p>
            <p>city: ${this.city}</p>
            <button @click=${this._toggleVisitedStatus}>
              Mark as ${this.visited ? 'not-visited' : 'visited'}
            </button>
          `;
        }

        _toggleVisitedStatus() {
          this.visited = !this.visited;
        }
      }

      customElements.define('brewery-detail', BreweryDetail);
    </script>
  </body>
</html>
```

</details>

## Add a visited/not-visited counter

> Now that the user can mark breweries as visited/not-visited, we want to display the total amount of visited breweries and the breweries which stil need to be visited in the app. This counter should be displayed in the `brewery-app`, but we're storing the visited/not-visited status in the `brewery-detail` component. We need to think of a better way to solve this...

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Now that the user can mark breweries as visited/not-visited, we want to display the total amount of visited breweries and the breweries that still need to be visited in the app. This counter should be displayed in the `brewery-app`, but we're storing the visited/not-visited status in the `brewery-detail` component. We need to think of a better way to solve this...
```

It's best to keep the data in your application flowing in one direction from top to bottom. Parent components are responsible for data of child components, including changing this data.

In our case, the `brewery-detail` component can fire an event to the `brewery-app` component to request a change in the visited/not-visited status.

### Tasks to complete this step

- Communicate the visited/not-visited status of the brewery back to the `brewery-app` component.

> - Display the total amount of visited breweries and the breweries which still needs to be visited in the `brewery-app` component.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Display the total amount of visited breweries and the breweries that still need to be visited in the `brewery-app` component.
```
